Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown
all the messed up movies!
Welcome to the first day
of Screepy Week, the last week of Spooktober
that I gotta celebrate.
Now the theme of today, is
Ultimate Despair,and I aint talking about
no video game references, I'm referring to
a hopeless bleak
mood to start off the week.
The film for that mood is called one of the
bleakest films of all time, Lilya-
4ever.
Lilya-4ever is the story of a 15 to 16 year
old girl from an unnamed country, but everybody
speaks
Russian.
Lilya has to survive on her own, and must
do whatever it takes to ensure a golden future!
The
film Girl Lost that we did, its definitely
inspired by this film, and also No Child of
Mine is kinda like this
movie too!
This is a classic movie you will see on all
the disturbing film lists!
Now remember disturbing is
not just torture porn and extreme horror movies,
its movies like this that make you also think
about real
life by putting us in the shoes of another!
If you want to see what happens, including
all the messed up
parts, stay tune for the breakdown!
The movie starts out with a somewhat somber
score, before switching quickly to a hectic
rock and roll
song.
A girl comes onto the frame running frantically
as if she is trying to escape, and as if there
is
nowhere left to go.
It seems like she's running from someone.
She then comes forth to a familiar bridge,
and looks over the height and passing cars.
Her worried face turns to one of, should I
do this?
We cut
away quickly before we see what she was going
to do.
Now that's how you bring me into a movie.
Next
the intro credits take over, playing a song
you might hear on GTA IV or something.
Three months before
what we seen in the beginning, in an undisclosed
country that was once apart of the Soviet
Union, we
are formally introduced to Lilya.
Lilya packs this important painting up.
A friend of Lilya comes, and LIlya
tells her in the happiest of moods that she
and her mom and moving to the United States.
Her mom's
boyfriend lives there, so they would live
with him.
She and her friend hit up the store to see
if they can
get some ciggies for free.
Damn..Good luck breathing.
She's like who needs lungs!
They just piss the
cashier off, but she don't care she's like
fuck you I'm going to the states!
Outside, Lilya explains her mom met a Russian
man who lives in the U.S. She's very excited
to come to
America though, shouting it out for everybody
to hear.
She's jinxing herself though.
Her mother and her
mom's boyfriend tell Lilya that they will
first go to the United States without her,
and then Lilya can
come later.
She doesn't define "later".. at all.
A depressed Lilya unpacks her bags.
Her mom meanwhile
is in bed with the boyfriend, whispering that
it'll just be the two of us!
Lilya listens as her mom and the
man have sex!
The next morning, the mom gets ready to leave
but goes inside to say goodbye.
Lilya
gives the silent treatment, including a half
hearted hug goodbye before her mom exits.
Lilya sits in
thought after she leaves, and it takes 30
seconds for her to abandon her anger and runs
after her mom
screaming Momma!
Don't Go!
Honestly its quite sad to see, like we are
barely 10 minutes into the film
and I'm already about to cry! probably cuz
it hits close to home but even if it didn't
its sad.
Plus LIlya
over here crying so loud that they can hear
her in the United States.
Lilya runs after and hits the stanky
leg in the mud as a bothered mom is driven
away.
Well to put just a little humor on the scene,
I like how
almost every domesticated animal likes to
smell us before walking away.
Like we stank or something!
Back inside, she rips up a picture of her
mom who left her behind, only to then put
it back together.
She
is interrupted by her Aunt Anna, making her
move into a smaller recently inhabited apartment.
She
argues with her aunt about it, but ultimately
is forced to pack her things and make her
way to the
apartment an old war vet died in.
The next morning, Lilya arrives late to class,
and the mean teacher
rubs it into her face that she isn't in America.
She hands back graded papers, sarcastically
saying ..you
have a golden future ahead...
Lilya walks out telling her to go to hell,
I will have a golden future!
Later
that night, a boy named Volodya, but I'll
just call him Lil V, plays on the court alone.
He did that the
previous night too, and doesn't seem to like
going home.
He follows this group of boys,who are friends
with Lilya.
Lilya and the group just party around, the
boys for sure drink cough medicine like its
water.
Sure it gets a little kissy kissy in there,
and Lil V was trying to take advantage of
the mood, but overall its
just a fun time.
After everything settles down though, Lilya
is crying.
Everybody is soon kicked out by the
aunt for making too much noise.
Lil V goes home, but he is kicked out by his
father who screams in
anger.
He makes his way to a familiar bridge, looking
towards the ground with suicidal intent.
Lilya later
leaves to look for him though, almost as if
her spider sense tingeled, and manages to
get him to come
down.
He was sad alright you could hear it in his
voice, but he wasn't overly distraught like
we normally
see someone about to kill themself in films.
Lil V asks to sleep on the couch since the
father kicked him
out
Despite being younger though, they basically
get all cozy together but in a friendly way.
He says he did
think about jumping, he didn't want to live
anymore, but Lilya's interruption saved his
life, and he says
he's gonna save hers!
The next day, she goes to the store, but has
to leave with a few less items cuz she
is broke.
That definitely makes her angry, especially
since her mother has not sent any money or
even a
single letter to communicate ever since getting
to America.
Some time, probably during that little hang
out, her friend told her about a quick way
to make money.
Seeing as how she puts on the make up and
the hair extensions, it seems clear on what
she is doing to get that money, but its not
trust me.
They go
to the club and dance around, seemingly to
attract men, but nobody pays attention to
Lilya, so she just
sits ruining her lungs and waiting on her
friend to get back.
After, her friend dodges her question of
"How was it" or "What happened", so I'm guessing
her friend is doing some kind of prostitution.
The next morning, Lilya gets a visit from
her friend.
Her name is Natasha, so I'll stop calling
Natasha says, "I came to give you the money
back, I don't need it anymore" We know Lilya
never got
any money, so it looks like her friend lied
to her father here about the source of the
money, saying she
got it from her protitute friend named Lilya.
At school, Lilya is like "hey blood, whats
up with that money
blood!"
She asks Natasha for an explanation on why
she got some money out of nowhere, and these
boys
look at Lilya as they walk away.
Like I thought, Natasha lied about who really
was the prostitute and did
the sexual acts, but Natasha told her whole
little group of friends too.
She continues the lie when Lilya
tries to give the money back, saying I don't
need your money, and LIlya is called a whore
by ugly ass
boyfriend.
She throws the money away after running out.
While sitting with Lil V, this group of boys
bully her and call her names, but she does
a great job ignoring them.
She sits right there, writing Lilya 4-
ever on the bench!
Why the hell are yall so hostile!
It must be a different time different context,
cuz I
know girls who fuck around for free and still
wouldn't get told to slit their own throat.
Lilya goes home,
discovering that her electricity has been
cut off.
She has to find out how to make money and
fast!
She goes to her aunts place for help, but
a neighbor reveals her aunt moved!
Where did she move?
Well
she moved in the same big nicer apartment
that Lilya and her mother used to live in.
Man this female
dog get on my nerves.
She tells Lilya to do what your mother did,
sell your body.
She runs out after
stealing some food and drink.
Lil V spends the night again, it was his birthday
today too, and Lilya
promises to get him a present some day.
Well hopefully, cuz she gets pissed at him
after he fakes suicide
just to get a kiss.
After kicking his ass out, she decides she
is gonna sell some of her stuff to make
money!
Damn she out here looking like a hooper, but
her low amount of things to buy only gets
her
ignored.
Lil V comes to apologize, and she ditches
her broke sale so they can go hang out!
They go to an
abandoned military building called The Pentagon.
It's also where Lil V goes to sleep sometimes
when he
gets kicked out.
Lilya and Lil V both have military fathers,
except Lilya never knew her father, describing
him as the man who just wanted to have sex
with my mother.
They soon run around the abandoned
soviet building, reaching Lil V's lil room,
and sniffing glue together.
In a glue high, they run around the
rooftop of the building, before getting they
ass right back to laying down.
Lil V talks about life after
death, and 100 percent believes that you will
become an angel in paradise.
Lilya is nauseous after the
conversation and probably after the glue too,
and leaves this place to go back home.
Its at the mailbox
where she discovers a letter asking for her
to meet social services.
At the social services place, a woman
tells her that her mother has renounced her
parenthood.
Basically, she has given Lilya up.
The letter her
mom wrote to the social services calls Lilya
an "unwanted child".
After hearing that, Lilya burns her mother's
picture and memory from existence.
No guardian, no way to
feed herself or anything, Lilya turns to something
she has no choice but to do, prostitution.
She goes to
that same hectic club looking for potential
customers, and finds a well off man who brings
her back to
his apartment.
After an initial nervous feeling, she later
has sex with the man, only to run out after
throwing up.
She has money now though, and happily gets
some food and some lung killers with what
she has earned.
That's not all she got though, she also bought
a basket ball for Lil V's belated birthday.
It's the best gift he ever got too!
She tells him she got the money from her mom.
Lilya still has to
maintain, and goes back to work.
At the club she flirts with someone giving
her the eye, only to get
interrupted by Reed Richards.
After, while she is walking home, the guy
she was flirting with, his name is
Andrei.
Andrei gets her attention, and we see that
her last client was violent.
He asks to drive her home,
promising to be a normal guy.
He does seem pretty nice, and speaks like
he doesn't want to get in her
pants, and agrees to go out on a date with
him.
This encounter is overheard by Lil V, who
tells her all
night and all morning that Andrei just wants
to sleep with her.
She needs a break though, and Andrei takes
to a entertainment center.
I used to work in a place like
this.
The excitement they share is just what she
needed, and she even kisses him on the first
date!
After
a few days, Andrei asks and convinces Lilya
to come to Sweden with him.
He promises her a better life
and one that isn't boring.
Later, while LIlya an Li V are in the room,
that group of boys break in, the ones
who bullied her.
They hold Lil V back, and strip Lilya and
throw her clothes out to rape her.
After they
leave, Liliya tells Lil V that she wont leave
him here behind, and wants him to come to
Sweden with her
and Andrei.
First, she has to ask him, but she is so head
over heels for him that she cant even think
about her surroundings.
Lil V seems to see through the act Andrei
holds up, but Lilya believes he's just
jealous.
Ultimately, Lilya has to leave Lil V behind
in a scene that looks similar to when Lilya's
mom left
her behind.
I don't mess with this decision at all Lilya,
you just met this fool.
It's so trash leaving him
behind and not at least appearing more sad.
She was unaware of how much Lil V really needed
her.
While she leaves for Sweden, Lil V, broken
and left alone decides to kill himself by
swallowing a bunch of
pills.
A tenant tries to wake him up, unaware that
he has died.
Lilya arrives in Sweden, and is met my
some business partner of Andrei.
He takes her passport, and takes her to a
fancy apartment building.
Now she is in a better flat that she lived
in initially, but it looks owned and not used
for a while.
Most
importantly, she puts up the guardian angel
picture she loves, and we cut to a different
realm of
existence.
One where Lil V is an angel playing his favorite
game on top of a roof.
He is her guardian angel
now, watching over Lilya like a guardian angel.
The next morning, Lilya is about to realize
the real reason
she is here.
While taking a bath, Andrei's business friend
comes in.
He then barges into the bathroom,
and Lilya begs in English for him to stop.
Turns out Andrei arranged for Lilya to be
kept hostage by a pip.
She can't even leave the apartment, and threatens
to kill her if she escapes.
He even says even if she
manages to escape, she'll be sent back to
her homeland by the police, and then they'll
come kill her
there.
That's why he took her passport.
Lilya is forced to be a prostitute again and
is taken by the pimp
to a clients house.
For every client, we see through her point
of view, so I can't really show, but we can
probably see these weirdos.
Worse off then she was before possibly, Angel
Lil V takes it upon himself to visit her.
They talk as if she
knew he died, overall I'm guessing it's a
special encounter for her.
He teleports her to the roof, and gifts
her the whole world.
She rejects this gift, finding the world pretty
freaking wack.
He regrets suicide, and
tries to convince her to love lift cuz you
only live once.
Suddenly she is awakened from her special
encounter.
Her pimp tells her to put on make up, but
she instead cuts her hair and plays clown.
After cleaning her up, he brings her to another
client, one who forces her to pretend to be
his daughter.
After that, Lilya tries to run away, only
to get caught and beaten by the pimp.
Later the next day, Angel
Lil V wakes her up and shows her that the
pimp forgot to lock the door.
She sees this and decides to
escape.
Now we are full circle back to the introduction
of the film.
We also know why she was running
now.
She was trying to not be found by the police
and be sent back to her homeland.
She runs away like
we saw in the beginning, and finds the bridge
overlooking a street.
She climbs right over it to kill herself,
which was what she was contemplating in the
beginning, and Angel Lil V begs for her to
not do it.
She
drowns him out though and ultimately jumps.
She doesn't die instantly, and emergency services
try to
resuscitate her.
She eventually opens her eyes, where two alternatives
take place.
The first shows her
traveling back in time to before she went
to Sweden and she seems to live a good lift
rejecting Andrei's
offer.
The second alternative, or perhaps the true
one, is her playing with Lil V on top of the
abandoned
Pentagon building, they both are angels!
Damn this movie was bleak.
They call it one of the bleakest.
Definitely an inspiration for the movie Girl
Lost that we did.
Now you are at the end of the movie, and you
realize that this isn't just some story.
This movie is based on the real life of Danguole(Dan
goo ahlay) Rasalaite(Rasala ee tay).
And if not her,
this is happening to someone right now as
you are watching this video, she died almost
20 years
ago...and still we have this huge issue of
human trafficking and slavery, and that's
just mentioning the
near end part of the movie, not the messed
up things that happened before she left for
Sweden.
Now
that we got through this film, lets talk about
the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed
moment in
that Spooky Stuff!
So I'm gonna get right into it, this flim
so sad my head hurts.
The most disturbed moment is hard to pick
because each scene never seemed to peak in
intensity.
I'll name top 3.
I'd say when Lil V killed himself,
seeing Lilya's realization of her life in
Sweden, or maybe also when she killed herself.
I don't want to
trivialize this film exactly.
The most enjoyed moment is probably those
little endings at the end.
Regardless of the fate of these main characters,
It was just good to see her smile again!
And that's it.
I
hope you guys enjoyed this video....and yes
hope!
Sure this was the Ultimate Despair day, but
don't let
despair get over you!
Films like these hold a legacy, just like
Lilya, like Danguole!
The title aint
meaningless, Lilya is 4-ever, and as long
as we can look on these films and look at
life, we can try to
make it better to live for others!
Thanks for watching, SPOOKY OUT!